The President:
Hi, everybody.
I'm here in Ohio, where I've
spent the past couple of days
talking with folks about our
central challenge as a country
-- not just reclaiming all
the jobs lost to the recession,
but reclaiming the economic
security that so many Americans
have lost over the last decade.
Our mission isn't just to
put people back to work --
it's to rebuild an economy
where that work pays;
an economy in which everyone
who works hard has the chance to
get ahead.
For months, we've been pushing
Congress to pass several
common-sense ideas that
will help us do that.
And on Friday, I signed into law
a bill that will do two things
for the American people.
First, it will keep thousands of
construction workers on the job
rebuilding our nation's
infrastructure.
Second, it will keep interest
rates on federal student loans
from doubling this year -- which
would have hit more than seven
million students with about a
thousand dollars more on their
loan payments.
Those steps will make a real
difference in the lives of
millions of Americans.
But make no mistake:
we've got more to do.
The construction industry was
hit brutally hard when the
housing bubble burst.
So it's not enough to just keep
construction workers on the job
doing projects that
were already underway.
For months, I've been calling on
Congress to take half the money
we're no longer spending on
war and use it to do some
nation-building here at home.
There's work to be done
building roads and bridges and
wireless networks.
And there are hundreds of
thousands of construction
workers ready to do it.
The same thing is
true for our students.
The bill I'm about to sign is
vital for millions of students
and their families.
But it's not enough to just
keep their student loan rates
from doubling.
For months, I've been calling
on Congress to reform and expand
the financial aid that's
offered to students.
I've been asking them to help us
give two million Americans the
opportunity to learn the skills
that businesses in their area
are looking for -- right now --
through partnerships between
community colleges
and employers.
In America, a higher education
cannot be a luxury reserved for
just a few privileged people.
It's an economic necessity that
every American family should be
able to afford.
Finally, I want to thank every
American who took the time to
sit down and write a
letter, or type an e-mail,
or make a phone call or send a
tweet hoping your voice would
make a difference.
I promise you -- your voice
made all the difference.
And as long as I have the
privilege of being your
President, your voice will
be heard in the White House.
So thanks, and have
a great weekend.